Samajh gaya — teen fixes chahiye:

Submit error fix — form submit nahi ho raha
Type of Space — text input ki jagah dropdown (same as Contact page)
Email field — Step 1 mein add karo (Name, Phone, Email)

Yeh raha Replit prompt:

Prompt for Replit (React):

I need to fix 3 issues with the Home page popup consultation form:
1. Fix the form submission error:

Currently clicking "BOOK MY FREE CONSULTATION" shows an error "Full name, phone, email, and type of space are required" even when all fields are filled — the validation logic is incorrectly checking fields that may not exist or checking them in the wrong step.
Debug the validation: in Step 2, only check that location pill is selected (required). Type of Space, Budget, and Brief Requirements should be optional in Step 2 — do NOT re-validate Step 1 fields (name, phone, email) in Step 2's submit handler since they were already validated in Step 1.
Fix the submit handler to: (1) validate only Step 2 required fields, (2) combine Step 1 + Step 2 data, (3) call the same submission logic as the Contact page.
Console.log the full form data object just before submission so we can verify all fields are being passed correctly.

2. Move Email field to Step 1:

Add an Email field to Step 1 (between Phone Number and the NEXT button):

Label: "EMAIL ADDRESS *"
Input type: email
Placeholder: "your@email.com"
Required: yes — validate it's a valid email format before allowing Next


Step 1 now has 3 fields: Full Name, Phone Number, Email Address
Update Step 1 validation to check all 3 fields (name min 2 chars, phone 10 digits, email valid format)

3. Change "Type of Space" from text input to dropdown — same as Contact page:

Replace the current free-text "Type of Space" input in Step 2 with a dropdown select, using the exact same options as the Contact page's "Type of Space" dropdown.
Check the Contact page component for the exact option values and replicate them here identically (same labels, same values).
Style the dropdown to match the Contact page's select styling (same border, same font, same gold accent on focus).
"Type of Space" should remain optional (not required for submission).

4. Updated Step structure after these changes:
Step 1 fields: Full Name (*), Phone Number (*), Email Address (*)
Step 2 fields: Type of Space (dropdown, optional), Estimated Budget (text input, optional), Project Location (pill selector, *required), Brief Requirements (textarea, optional)
5. Submission data object should include all fields with source tag:
js{
  name: "...",
  phone: "+91...",
  email: "...",
  typeOfSpace: "...",
  budget: "...",
  location: "...",
  requirements: "...",
  source: "Popup Form"
}
Submit this to the exact same endpoint/service used by the Contact page form (EmailJS/Formspree/Google Sheets — copy the logic exactly, do not create new endpoints).